OK so let's check if we're being told the correct information.
We've been told that right of one count paying it back over waterfall the loopback address off rockfall
is Ford.
Ford of 4.4.
So we should be able to ping that IP address paying forward forward forward for at the moment it looks
like we can't ping the loop back of Rodda four pings or timing out.
So can we trace to forward forward forward for the trace.
Doesn't seem to be going any way.
So it doesn't even go to Rodda to in the typology that normally means that the road is not in the local
routing table.
Show IP route shows us that we don't see Ford or Ford or 4.4 in the local routing table.
We do see some BGP routes.
We see the loop back of water too and we see 15 1 1 0.
This network in the writing table show IP BGP neighbors shows us that we have an established BGP relationship
2 8 8 8 to 2 to show IP DGP shows us that we've got some BGP routes in the BGP writing table.
We've got 8 2 8 8 2 0.
The loopback of router to Toot.
Toot.
To which we can ping and 15 1 1 0 and we can also ping that address.
So this network is in the writing table and we can ping 15 dog wondered wondered one can be ping 15
at 1 to 1 to 2.
No we can't.
So in other words we can't ping from one to rodder three.
Let's check on router too.
Ken brought it to paying 15 one one two yes it can.
So we have IP connectivity between router two and three.
What about in router 3.
Does it have network for in its routing table.
Yes it does.
So I notice this network is in the writing table and wrote 3 can ping the loopback of a waterfall but
it looks like there's a problem here does it to have that rot in the writing table.
No it doesn't.
So in other words Rajshree is a learning about network for from Rotto for
but it looks like rodder to he's not learning that network share IP BGP shows us that we've got network
15 8 1 and 2 in the writing table but we don't have network 17.
We don't have the loop back of free or the loop back over to 4 in the writing table but we can ping
rodder 3.
That means we probably go to BGP problem.
So show IP BGP neighbors neighbor relationship 2 8 8 2 8 1 is established that looks good.
Can you see a problem here.
Notice a neighbor relationship to rodders 3 he's idle.
That's definitely a problem.
What about him rodder 3 show IP BGP neighbors neighbor relationship to 17:1 when t is established.
Serrata three has a relationship to run a fall but the neighbor relationship to 15 wondered wondered
one he's idle.
But we can't paying 15 1 1 1 so it's not an IP connectivity problem.
This looks like a BGP problem.